feat(types): add `ComponentProps` reference to TypeScript page (#6702)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/typescript.mdx

```
:::

> ### Component Props type
> 
> <p><Since v="4.3.0" /></p>
> 
> In order to reference the type of `Props` accepted by another component, Astro exposes the `ComponentProps` utility from `astro/types`.
> 
> ```astro

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
### `ComponentProps` type

<p><Since v="4.3.0" /></p>

This type export allows users to reference the `Props` accepted by another component, even if that component doesn't export that `Props` type directly.

The following example shows using the `ComponentProps` utility from `astro/types` to reference a `<Button />` component's `Props` types:

```astro title="src/pages/index.astro"
``````
Would something like this be correct, @natemoo-re ? Please fine-tune as necessary. I really liked what you wrote in the PR description as an intro!

Author: Love this suggestion as-is, thanks!

```
:::

### `ComponentProps` type

<p><Since v="4.3.0" /></p>

> This type export allows users to reference the `Props` accepted by another component, even if that component doesn't export that `Props` type directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type export allows you to reference the `Props` accepted by another component, even if that component doesn't export that `Props` type directly.
```
